Ship Prompt Templates.md, before:

# General Component Template Prompt

### Start of Prompt ###
```markdown
Please design a new component for `[Component Type]` in a space vessel. The component should `[describe the function and special features]`.Include attributes such as `[list any specific attributes like range, power consumption, etc.]`.

Format the output as a Python dictionary with the following fields:

- **Data**: Contains the fields for Component Name, Type, Component Size, Attribute 1, Attribute 2, Attribute 3, Attribute 4, Special Properties, EWDR, and Description.
- **Type**: Contains the string value `"component"`.

### Use the following value ranges if applicable:

#### Component Size [type: integer]:
- **Small Components (1 Slot):**
  - Basic Sensors
  - Small Utility Systems
  - Small Cargo Hold (100 GST capacity)
  - Basic Missile Magazine (2 short range missiles or a single medium missile)

- **Medium Components (2 Slots):**
  - Enhanced Sensors
  - Medium Utility Systems
  - Medium Cargo Hold (200 GST capacity)
  - Standard Missile Magazine (4-8 missiles)

- **Large Components (3 Slots):**
  - Advanced Sensors
  - Large Utility Systems
  - Large Cargo Hold (500 GST capacity)
  - Heavy Missile Magazine (12-16 missiles, 2-6 long-range torpedoes)

- **Extra-Large Components (4+ Slots):**
  - Ship-Mounted Stellar Projector
  - Extra-Large Cargo Hold (1000+ GST capacity)
  - Strategic Missile Magazine (20+ missiles, including torpedoes and multi-warhead torpedoes)

#### Sensor Modifier [type: integer]:
- **Negative**: (-3 to -1)
- **Standard**: (0)
- **Enhanced**: (+1 to +3)
- **Advanced**: (+4 to +6)

#### EWDR (Electronic Warfare Defense Rating) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (+0)
- **Moderate**: (+1)
- **High**: (+2)
- **Very High**: (+3)

### Description [type: string]:
Should be a string of text.
Values cannot have open quotes in them.

### Python Dictionary Format:

The dictionary should be enclosed in `{}`, with no variable name in front of it. After the last bracket there should 
be a comma `,`.
Create proper indentation for the Python dictionary. 

### Example Structure in Python:

{
  "data": {
      "Component Name": "Example Component",
      "Type": "Component Type",
      "Component Size": "Small",
      "Attribute 1": "Value 1",
      "Attribute 2": "Value 2",
      "Attribute 3": "Value 3",
      "Attribute 4": "Value 4",
      "Special Properties": "Special Features",
      "EWDR": "Moderate",
      "Description": "This is a detailed description of the component."
  },
  "type": "component"
},
```
### End of Prompt ###

# General Ship Template Prompt

### Start of Prompt ###
```markdown
Please design a new ship for the game. The ship should be `[describe the ship's role, size, and special features]`. Include attributes such as acceleration, endurance, and armament.

Format the output as a Python dictionary with the following fields:

- **Data**: Contains the fields for Ship Name, Size (GST), Component Slots, Acceleration (MaxG), Structural Endurance (StE), Electronic Endurance (ElE), Signal Rating (SiR), Armor, Cargo Capacity (GST), Sensor Modifier, EWDR, Weapon Systems, Components, Crew Complement, and Description.
- **Type**: Contains the string value `"ship"`.

### Additional Details:

- A ship has a **KPAD (Kramer PAD Drive)** for conventional propulsion.
- It can be equipped with a **Ship Mounted Stellar Projector**, with a minimum Size of the ship being Medium.
- Only if it has a Stellar Projector, it must have an **Instant Release High-Energy Capacitor (IRHEC)**.

### Use the following value ranges:

#### Name [type: string]:
Stands for a class of ships.

#### Size (GST) [type: integer]:
- **Small**: (200-800 GST)
- **Medium**: (800-2000 GST)
- **Large**: (2000-5000 GST)
- **Very Large**: (5000+ GST)
- **Capital**: (10,000+ GST)

#### Component Slots [type: integer]:
- Formula: `(GST / 100) + 3`

#### Acceleration (MaxG) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1)
- **Moderate**: (1-3)
- **High**: (3-6)
- **Very High**: (6-9)

#### Structural Endurance (StE) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **High**: (11-15)
- **Very High**: (16-20)

#### Electronic Endurance (ElE) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **High**: (11-15)
- **Very High**: (16-20)

#### Armor [type: integer]:
- **Light**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **Heavy**: (11-15)
- **Very Heavy**: (16-20)

#### Signal Rating (SiR) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **High**: (11-15)
- **Very High**: (16-20)

#### EWDR (Electronic Warfare Defense Rating) [type: integer]:
**Low**: (0)
**Moderate**: (1-2)
**High**: (3-6)
**Very High**: (7-9)

#### Weapon Systems [type: list of strings]:
Value is a list of strings.

#### Components [type: list of strings]:
Value is a list of strings.
The added Component sizes can not be greater than the ship's Component Slots.

### Description [type: string]:
Should be a string of text.
Include a rough size estimate in meters in 3 dimensions, based on the fact that a GST is roughly 3m³.

### Python Dictionary Format:

The dictionary should be enclosed in `{}`, with no variable name in front of it. After the last bracket, there should be a colon `,`.

Create proper indentation for the Python dictionary.

### Example Structure in Python:

{
    "data": {
        "Ship Name": "Example Class",
        "Size (GST)": 1500,
        "Component Slots": 18,
        "Acceleration (MaxG)": 4,
        "Structural Endurance (StE)": 12,
        "Electronic Endurance (ElE)": 10,
        "Signal Rating (SiR)": 8,
        "Armor": 14,
        "Cargo Capacity (GST)": 300,
        "Sensor Modifier": 2,
        "EWDR": 5,
        "Weapon Systems": ["Laser Cannons", "Missile Launchers"],
        "Components": ["Kramer PAD Drive", "IRHEC", "Stellar Projector"],
        "Crew Complement": 150,
        "Description": "A medium-sized vessel, approximately 50m x 30m x 20m, designed for long-range exploration and combat."
    },
    "type": "ship"
},
```
### End of Prompt ###

# General Weapon Template Prompt

### Start of Prompt ###
```markdown
Please design a new weapon for a space vessel. The weapon should `[describe the type, range, and special abilities]`. Include details like damage, penetration, and rate of fire.

Format the output as a Python dictionary with the following fields:

- **Data**: Contains the fields for Weapon Name, Type, Range Category, Damage, Penetration, EWAR, Rate of Fire, Special Properties, Component Size, and Description.
- **Type**: Contains the string value `"weapon"`.

### Use the following value ranges:

#### Type [type: string]
- Short Range Missile
- Long Range Missile
- Torpedo
- Point Defence Gauss Weapon
- Large Calibre Gauss Cannon
- High Intensity Laser
- Conventional Projectile Weapon

#### Damage [type: string]:
- **Low**: (`"1d6"` to `"2d6"`)
- **Moderate**: (`"2d8"` to `"3d8"`)
- **High**: (`"3d10"` to `"4d10"`)
- **Very High**: (`"4d12"` to `"5d12+"`)

#### Penetration [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **High**: (11-15)
- **Very High**: (16-20)

#### EWAR (Electronic Warfare) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **High**: (11-15)
- **Very High**: (16-20)

#### Rate of Fire [type: string]:
- **Options**: `"Single"`, `"Burst"`, `"Sustained"`, `"Rapid Fire"`

#### Component Size [type: integer]:
- **Small Components (1 Slot)**:
  -Light Weapon Systems
- **Medium Components (2 Slots)**: 
  -Medium Weapon Systems
- **Large Components (3 Slots)**: 
  -Heavy Weapon Systems
- **Extra-Large Components (4+ Slots)**: 
  -Capital-Class Weapon Systems

### Description [type: string]:

Should be a string of text.

### Python Dictionary Format:

The dictionary should be enclosed in `{}`, with no variable name in front of it. After the last bracket, there should be a colon `,`.

Create proper indentation for the Python dictionary.

### Example Structure in Python:

{
    "data": {
        "Weapon Name": "Example Weapon",
        "Type": "Weapon Type",
        "Range Category": "Long Range",
        "Damage": "4d10",
        "Penetration": 12,
        "EWAR": 8,
        "Rate of Fire": "Sustained",
        "Special Properties": "Armor-piercing, EMP-capable",
        "Component Size": 3,
        "Description": "A powerful heavy weapon system designed for long-range engagements, featuring high penetration and EMP capabilities."
    },
    "type": "weapon"
},
```
### End of Prompt ###

Commit message:

Refactor Attributes, add guidelines for missile and torpedo systems
Revised the "Attributes" section to provide clearer structure and guidance. Introduced additional notes distinguishing missile and torpedo launcher systems from their magazines.

Ship Prompt Templates.md, after:

# General Component Template Prompt

### Start of Prompt ###
```markdown
Please design a new component for `[Component Type]` in a space vessel. The component should `[describe the function and special features]`.Include attributes such as `[list any specific attributes like range, power consumption, etc.]`.

Format the output as a Python dictionary with the following fields:

- **Data**: Contains the fields for Component Name, Type, Component Size, Attributes, Special Properties, EWDR, and 
  Description.
- **Type**: Contains the string value `"component"`.

### Use the following value ranges if applicable:

#### Attributes [type: string]
Attribute names have to describe the value.
Components can have multiple attributes.

#### Component Size [type: integer]:
- **Small Components (1 Slot):**
  - Basic Sensors
  - Small Utility Systems
  - Small Cargo Hold (100 GST capacity)
  - Basic Missile Magazine (2 short range missiles or a single medium missile)

- **Medium Components (2 Slots):**
  - Enhanced Sensors
  - Medium Utility Systems
  - Medium Cargo Hold (200 GST capacity)
  - Standard Missile Magazine (4-8 missiles)

- **Large Components (3 Slots):**
  - Advanced Sensors
  - Large Utility Systems
  - Large Cargo Hold (500 GST capacity)
  - Heavy Missile Magazine (12-16 missiles, 2-6 long-range torpedoes)

- **Extra-Large Components (4+ Slots):**
  - Ship-Mounted Stellar Projector
  - Extra-Large Cargo Hold (1000+ GST capacity)
  - Strategic Missile Magazine (20+ missiles, including torpedoes and multi-warhead torpedoes)

#### Sensor Modifier [type: integer]:
- **Negative**: (-3 to -1)
- **Standard**: (0)
- **Enhanced**: (+1 to +3)
- **Advanced**: (+4 to +6)

#### EWDR (Electronic Warfare Defense Rating) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (+0)
- **Moderate**: (+1)
- **High**: (+2)
- **Very High**: (+3)

### Description [type: string]:
Should be a string of text.
Values cannot have open quotes in them.

### Python Dictionary Format:

The dictionary should be enclosed in `{}`, with no variable name in front of it. After the last bracket there should 
be a comma `,`.
Create proper indentation for the Python dictionary. 

### Example Structure in Python:

{
  "data": {
      "Component Name": "Example Component",
      "Type": "Component Type",
      "Component Size": "Small",
      "Attribute description": "Attributes",
      "Special Properties": "Special Features",
      "EWDR": "Moderate",
      "Description": "This is a detailed description of the component."
  },
  "type": "component"
},
```
### End of Prompt ###

# General Ship Template Prompt

### Start of Prompt ###
```markdown
Please design a new ship for the game. The ship should be `[describe the ship's role, size, and special features]`. Include attributes such as acceleration, endurance, and armament.

Format the output as a Python dictionary with the following fields:

- **Data**: Contains the fields for Ship Name, Size (GST), Component Slots, Acceleration (MaxG), Structural Endurance (StE), Electronic Endurance (ElE), Signal Rating (SiR), Armor, Cargo Capacity (GST), Sensor Modifier, EWDR, Weapon Systems, Components, Crew Complement, and Description.
- **Type**: Contains the string value `"ship"`.

### Additional Details:

- A ship has a **KPAD (Kramer PAD Drive)** for conventional propulsion.
- It can be equipped with a **Ship Mounted Stellar Projector**, with a minimum Size of the ship being Medium.
- Only if it has a Stellar Projector, it must have an **Instant Release High-Energy Capacitor (IRHEC)**.

### Use the following value ranges:

#### Name [type: string]:
Stands for a class of ships.

#### Size (GST) [type: integer]:
- **Small**: (200-800 GST)
- **Medium**: (800-2000 GST)
- **Large**: (2000-5000 GST)
- **Very Large**: (5000+ GST)
- **Capital**: (10,000+ GST)

#### Component Slots [type: integer]:
- Formula: `(GST / 100) + 3`

#### Acceleration (MaxG) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1)
- **Moderate**: (1-3)
- **High**: (3-6)
- **Very High**: (6-9)

#### Structural Endurance (StE) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **High**: (11-15)
- **Very High**: (16-20)

#### Electronic Endurance (ElE) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **High**: (11-15)
- **Very High**: (16-20)

#### Armor [type: integer]:
- **Light**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **Heavy**: (11-15)
- **Very Heavy**: (16-20)

#### Signal Rating (SiR) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **High**: (11-15)
- **Very High**: (16-20)

#### EWDR (Electronic Warfare Defense Rating) [type: integer]:
**Low**: (0)
**Moderate**: (1-2)
**High**: (3-6)
**Very High**: (7-9)

#### Weapon Systems [type: list of strings]:
Value is a list of strings.

#### Components [type: list of strings]:
Value is a list of strings.
The added Component sizes can not be greater than the ship's Component Slots.

### Description [type: string]:
Should be a string of text.
Include a rough size estimate in meters in 3 dimensions, based on the fact that a GST is roughly 3m³.

### Python Dictionary Format:

The dictionary should be enclosed in `{}`, with no variable name in front of it. After the last bracket, there should be a colon `,`.

Create proper indentation for the Python dictionary.

### Example Structure in Python:

{
    "data": {
        "Ship Name": "Example Class",
        "Size (GST)": 1500,
        "Component Slots": 18,
        "Acceleration (MaxG)": 4,
        "Structural Endurance (StE)": 12,
        "Electronic Endurance (ElE)": 10,
        "Signal Rating (SiR)": 8,
        "Armor": 14,
        "Cargo Capacity (GST)": 300,
        "Sensor Modifier": 2,
        "EWDR": 5,
        "Weapon Systems": ["Laser Cannons", "Missile Launchers"],
        "Components": ["Kramer PAD Drive", "IRHEC", "Stellar Projector"],
        "Crew Complement": 150,
        "Description": "A medium-sized vessel, approximately 50m x 30m x 20m, designed for long-range exploration and combat."
    },
    "type": "ship"
},
```
### End of Prompt ###

# General Weapon Template Prompt

### Start of Prompt ###
```markdown
Please design a new weapon for a space vessel. The weapon should `[describe the type, range, and special abilities]`.
Missile and torpedo weapons include the launchers as part of the weapon system. 
Missile and torpedo magazines are separate Components and not weapons.

Format the output as a Python dictionary with the following fields:

- **Data**: Contains the fields for Weapon Name, Type, Range Category, Damage, Penetration, EWAR, Rate of Fire, Special Properties, Component Size, and Description.
- **Type**: Contains the string value `"weapon"`.

### Use the following value ranges:

#### Type [type: string]
- Short Range Missile
- Long Range Missile
- Torpedo
- Point Defence Gauss Weapon
- Large Calibre Gauss Cannon
- High Intensity Laser
- Conventional Projectile Weapon

#### Damage [type: string]:
- **Low**: (`"1d6"` to `"2d6"`)
- **Moderate**: (`"2d8"` to `"3d8"`)
- **High**: (`"3d10"` to `"4d10"`)
- **Very High**: (`"4d12"` to `"5d12+"`)

#### Penetration [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **High**: (11-15)
- **Very High**: (16-20)

#### EWAR (Electronic Warfare) [type: integer]:
- **Low**: (1-5)
- **Moderate**: (6-10)
- **High**: (11-15)
- **Very High**: (16-20)

#### Rate of Fire [type: string]:
- **Options**: `"Single"`, `"Burst"`, `"Sustained"`, `"Rapid Fire"`

#### Component Size [type: integer]:
- **Small Components (1 Slot)**:
  -Light Weapon Systems
- **Medium Components (2 Slots)**: 
  -Medium Weapon Systems
- **Large Components (3 Slots)**: 
  -Heavy Weapon Systems
- **Extra-Large Components (4+ Slots)**: 
  -Capital-Class Weapon Systems

### Description [type: string]:

Should be a string of text.

### Python Dictionary Format:

The dictionary should be enclosed in `{}`, with no variable name in front of it. After the last bracket, there should be a colon `,`.

Create proper indentation for the Python dictionary.

### Example Structure in Python:

{
    "data": {
        "Weapon Name": "Example Weapon",
        "Type": "Weapon Type",
        "Range Category": "Long Range",
        "Damage": "4d10",
        "Penetration": 12,
        "EWAR": 8,
        "Rate of Fire": "Sustained",
        "Special Properties": "Armor-piercing, EMP-capable",
        "Component Size": 3,
        "Description": "A powerful heavy weapon system designed for long-range engagements, featuring high penetration and EMP capabilities."
    },
    "type": "weapon"
},
```
### End of Prompt ###
